gh-77771: Add enterabs example in sched (#92716)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sched.rst

   ...     print(time.time())
   ...     s.enter(10, 1, print_time)
   ...     s.enter(5, 2, print_time, argument=('positional',))

>    ...     # this runs after 'positional' as enter() is relative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ...     # despite having higher priority, 'keyword' runs after 'positional' as enter() is relative
```

   ...     s.enter(5, 1, print_time, kwargs={'a': 'keyword'})

>    ...     s.enterabs(3, 10, print_time, argument=("first enterabs",))
>    ...     s.enterabs(3, 5, print_time, argument=("second enterabs",))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ...     s.enterabs(1_650_000_000, 10, print_time, argument=("first enterabs",))
   ...     s.enterabs(1_650_000_000, 5, print_time, argument=("second enterabs",))
```
I think using a higher number than 3 would be less confusing

Reviewer 2: I would add digit separators if possible:
```python
   ...     s.enterabs(1_650_000_000, 10, print_time, argument=("first enterabs",))
   ...     s.enterabs(1_650_000_000, 5, print_time, argument=("second enterabs",))
```
